Glossy blue finish, looks beautiful in any setting. Watch for how sensitive the gloss is though, can scratch easily. Controller looks nice as well, with gold lettering across touch pad. 1 TB seals the deal. Good gift at good price for a limited edition PS4. Read full review...
I received my PlayStation in record times of four days and got right to it. It works well, my games run smoothly and the fan seems to be working fine. Use is visible but you would have to know your systems and get really close. It’s great for people who wanted the limited edition PlayStation without having the collective spirit of others.Read full review...
I really love the design of this Playstation and how it looks. It's very nice and I really like that its 1TB. I had the original and I still do but now since my family wants to play PS4, I am buying this one since I've seen the commercials for it last year and it looked awesome.Read full review...
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this amazing Blue Limited Edition PS4 Slim Console Bundle!  Works great! Runs smoothly and quietly. Loads games quickly. Great graphics. My granddaughter uses this PS4 Slim daily without a problem. Great value. She LOVES this console.Read full review...
I love this ps4 it’s beautiful and has a lot of room for downloads. Limited edition so no one else I go around has this. Great buy
Great system.  Love this Limited Edition.  Love the color.  But more importantly love the system.   Can't recommend it enough.  Worth every penny.
Love the Blue color and gold symbols. Console performance is so much speedier than my first gen console. It came 3 days early, probably best purchase I’ve made this year! Thank y’all!
Bought it for my son for Christmas I tried it out was impressed with what I saw I'm sure he's going to love it
This design is awesome great product
Favorite colors blue, so worked out. 1tb is pretty good, everything is good on it quality wise, love it
Its a great producto with a lot of games in it. However the wifi connection is quite bad. I have 20 mb of connection and it receives 3 mb dont know why.
Fantastic limited edition ps4 added to my collection!
Sony's Days of Play PS4 Limited Edition is a beauty. Thanks to E3, June is one of the best months for video game fans. In recent years, though, as Sony looks forward to the future at E3, its presented fans with a chance to relive the past with a smattering of deals on hardware, games, and accessories known as Days of Play. The promotion returns this year from June 8 to 18 and brings a new special edition PS4 console.Read full review...
Thanks for the ps4!!!! It’s really fun, and I got it quick.!!!! Have a good one!
My son loves his new play  station.
Won’t be using this until Xmas since it’s a gift. Shipping and communication was fantastic.
My granddaughter loves it.
Beautiful console awesome functionality amazing Deal!!
Brand New as described amazing value will be buying another soon
Nice price in perfect condition
More memory, design is nice
Cool BLUE Sony Creation
My son is happy to get this for his 14th birthday all worked out grate
Its amazing!!
These limited edition ps4 are only $299.99 brand new sealed 295 used is a joke.
It looks so unique and it is worth its price.
ExcellentFastReliable
I've had the original ps4 (still do and the ps4 pro) but this ps4 is also amazing.. I like this better than the gray days of play playstation.. the blue one looks a lot better and nicer in my opinion..Read full review...
One of the best video game consoles of all time. Playstation 4 Days of Play Limited Edition Blue 2018. Console King
Very legit would but again
Such a great game thank you
No problem. Having a great time 
good as old one
Thanks for my Ps4 ..
Perfect!
Definitely satisfied with this console 
because it is a limited edition
It’s so gorgeous in blue the color pops it’s marvelousMachine I highly recommend
I don't have the money
Exelente producto
All good 
Very nice product, best as description.
