Fun, portable, lightweight, good graphics, easy controls. I mostly play Fortnite or older Super NES games. I just wish the Nintendo group accounts were more intuitive. I have an account for myself and my two kids but it’s hard to know who can play which games on which account. Figure this out from the beginning! I setup one for my son first and then tried to later make a parent account for me and it’s a pain to get right. But the device itself has been great. I had to manually add our home WiFi though because it could only find it occasionally. Since then it’s worked fine.Read full review...
Only stays charged for about an hour and a half. Didn’t come with an sd card. All my other ones did, so that sucked but it runs great and is really cute. Would order again 
works perfect, looks brand new , just as he described it my granddaughter loves it, shes happy and so am I,Thank You So Much.
This is a great handheld console to sit back and relax with. I often get back pain, so this is great for me to just sit back on my sofa and play games with. If you're looking for a cheaper, more convenient option from the Switch itself, I do recommend the Switch Lite. There is no way to stream it to a TV, but it's more compact and is definitely the better choice for playing outdoors too. Read full review...
I would not have guessed this console was ever used. I inspected everything out of the box and it all looked brand new! The system was ready to go right out of the box! 
With covid-19 on the rampage and my being stuck at home, I’d been sharing a switch with my sister. Wanted my own and they’re all insanely overpriced, but found the switch lite and was worried I was “settling” and the screen would be too small or I wouldn’t like it. Well I was wrong! The screen is smaller but I honestly barely notice a difference and the graphics are great. Lightweight and easy to hold. I kinda miss the vibration feature (fish catching in animal crossing lol) but other than that I have zero complaints. If you’re considering a lite but are unsure, let me reassure you it’s not as big of a downgrade as you may think. If you don’t mind not playing on a TV then go for it! Read full review...
A few days before Christmas i was wanting to get my little brother a switch lite so that we could play some games together. After i stumbled upon this auction i knew i had to get it. It came by a little bit after Christmas but that was OK. The only flaw i found about this was that it didn't come with a charger.Read full review...
The picture gives you the impression that it’s a brand new game and when I received it it was a used Nintendo Switch Lite with no charger. 
The switch lite is an amazing handheld gaming system!! It is cheaper and lighter than the regular switch. I love the game i have for it (pokemon mystery dungeon dx since i am a pokemon fan) and am planning to buy more games for this. It occupies my time a lot and is worth the buy. This handheld system is the best one yet! I recommend it to all nintendo fans! It is worth it!Read full review...
(Paid a little more than I wanted to but was happy to do so seems how right now you can't find them anywhere in stores.). Ordered this for my second youngest bday, with everything that is going on I didn't think I was going to get it in time but was happy to to see it in the mail box a few days earlier than the expected delivery date.  Had one very happy kid.Read full review...
Glad I went with the small version. It’s the perfect size and easy to hold. Graphics are good and battery life is great. Feels solid and well made. 
Fun to play, good battery life and love the assortment of colors to buy it in. I bought the teal colored one. Glad I purchased it.
I had day 1 switch, ended up parting with it. This replacement lets me play all the same games, on the go. If not worried about using on a TV I would definitely recommend getting one especially if you enjoy Nintendo's vast library of games.Read full review...
I purchased this product for myself as a stress reducer and it has been awesome! The switch came in it's original packaging and is in perfect condition. Would 100% recommend the product for anyone looking for a fun handheld game system for hours of entertainment!Read full review...
Great feel, great titles, great design, great display. Great for fans of handheld gaming, even if they weren't necessarily fans of similar items earlier on (like the PSP and Vita).
Works just like the Regular Switch, great graphics and easy to use.
I am very wary of making big purchases online but this is totally worth it!!! I love the graphics IMMEIDATLEY played with some friends and I’m so lucky to have gotten it for such a reasonable price! Comes with a charger and works amazingly!  THANK you so muchRead full review...
Arrived a day early in great condition! My granddaughter loves it.
I'm paranoid schizophrenic delusional it helps me I smoke less playing it I have fun with the games some games like borderlands reminds me of my mental illness to me it's also another education system that helpsRead full review...
Came earlier than expected and is a super fun mini console! Just wish the battery didn't die so quickly. Even when it's off (almost never seems to be fully off), it dies pretty fast.
I was having trouble with my switch lite and wanted a working version. This one does work well except for the drifting/sticking of the left joystick. I have replaced it a few times on the old one and was able to do the job.Read full review...
Very great item! My daughter loves it and it is fun to play on & take on the go ! Turquiose color is pretty. Screen is big. 
Bought the Switchlite for my wife for her birthday. She absolutely loves it. It's great having 2 Switches in the house now.
Ever since I got my Switch Lite, it hasn't given me any problems. I enjoy wonderful graphics and lots of Fortnite game play.
Only stays charged for about an hour and a half. Didn’t come with an sd card. All my other ones did, so that sucked but it runs great and is really cute. Would order again 
The switch itself is new from what I can tell however the description said it comes with the original charger and it didn’t, I have a switch lite and the charger that it comes with has the Nintendo logo on it, this one does not, other than that everything else seems fine Read full review...
My son has not put it down since he got it love it and everything was in great condition 
This was for my 5 year old grandson for his birthday. He was thrilled !! It did every he wanted and more !!
Picked up this nintendo switch for my little sister and she loves it! It even came with a carry case and a few other things as a nice bonus
We bought this as our second switch and have so much fun with them. My son is 7 and he loves all the games. Definitely recommend.
Really great deal! Works perfectly and it comes with a free case that I wasn't expecting, and it already have a tempered glass on it. Thanks!
Nintendo Switch Lite . It’s a great portable system that plays all the great titles on the switch, very nice graphics. Very happy with the purchase.
I love the Nintendo Switch lite. The graphics are great. I wish I would have gotten one sooner!
Works great like brand new
However your description was a bit misleading with the 32gb was expecting to get a memory card. If it wasn’t for that my review would be five stars.
Wonderful product! It has helped so much with anxiety during quarantine! Perfect condition. Lovely color!
Good gaming system but I wish that Nintendo would come out with Deal or No Deal game for the Nintendo switch lite system.
I really love it and I can take it anywhere.
Got everything I expected, and no noticeable defects in my weeks of regular use.
I could've bought it like $17 cheaper at Target but I'm all about the planet and would rathe buy things second hand anyways. Loving the product, nothing wrong with it at all
I ordered the switch lite and it came in within 3 days of purchasing. I love it and was fairly priced too.
I did not want to wait for Nintendo to make new switch lites so while this is more than the MSRP, it was worth it to purchase.
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it. Product was delivered just as expected.
Everything works perfect. My son loves it. Thank you! 
I wasn’t so sure if to buy a used switch, but surprisingly it was a good experience and the switch is in beautiful condition and works great.
Works great and I love the game so much fun I play on this everyday and can’t wait to add more games on here
Everything was great. Gave a 4 star rating because the charger came defective.
It is in great shape but I did have a problem turning it on one time.  Otherwise it is great.
Nothing bad to say, great price! Great condition and perfect for me! Thank you very much 
Got this for my daughter since my son hogs the switch.She loves it and it keeps her busy for hours.Also one of the best prices I found
Just as described! Appears new works as it should and a great price! Zero complaints here.
I got exactly what was in the description and everything works accordingly. Good purchase
Super great product and showed up on time, it even came with an adapter for me! 10/10 would recommend!
The used unit is in great condition, simple to set up and does not lag at all.
Nice handheld device my daughter loves it
Thanks for the video game unit. I like to play anime games on it. Thanks for the fun on it.
I am very well pleased and my daughter loved it and it arrived early lol. Great job  
Great for taking on trips. The graphics are great.
Good value, one small scratch but graphics still good. No charger but grandson had one already so works fine.
Great product and great price!!!Totally worth it!!
Works great! free games is a huge deal! over great! 
So excited to receive, in great condition practically new, included games an amazing bonus.
Reliable switch lite, no issues, works amazing. 
Works great. The kids love it. Beautiful color.
Great fun for trips or just bored around the house. Has a nice variety of games too.
Everything in order. Good price and the nintendo is working perfectly
Just as described well taken care of very happy with purchase 
Everything works perfectly! The game is awesome happy customer.
Very well how the item is doing. I think it was a fair deal. Thank you.
It had a European power transformer, but included a converter for a US outlet.
This is a awesome gaming stystem and at a great price
It's great game console for adults such my self great graphics lots fun can't get enough go nintendo
For just a little bit more than the msrp during the switch shortage, it's a good price.
This is a good handheld console. I have no regrets with this purchase
Got him the switch lite for Christmas, he was so happy!
Daughter loves it!
It was not for me. I did not see how well it worked
Bought for my grandson and he loves it!!!  Now I'm buying 2 more!
Sweet deal on a lightly used switch! Game on!
Amazing system. Perfect for when I need to take my mind off things or when I have down time. 
Perfect for anyone that wants to play switch games and doesn't intend on hooking it up to a tv. 
My granddaughter loves it
Works great, very good condition.
came nicely packaged and works great! 
As ordered, no problems
Works great good for the price.
awesome
Big screen, hand held, take it anywhere. Its a win-win.
The grandkids love it
I got a great deal. 
Great product with games/case. My son is happy and that’s priceless
it works and there's no problem. cheaper alternative to the switch
